text dump:


Work Experience

Organizations

Information about the various organizations I have worked at [includes freelance work].


Parallax Labs (2021 - Present)

Senior XR Developer (2022 - Present)
Associate XR Developer (2021 - 2022)
Responsible for developing and shipping various projects for various sectors such as defence, pharma, manufacturing; also, developed various XR training solutions. I am also responsible for managing a team of developers and facing clients.


Code Crust (2021 - 2021)

Unity Developer (2021 - 2021)
Was responsible for developing various levels, games for their online multiplayer party game. Dealt with miniscript based multiplayer coding and research.


Freelance Work (2018 - 2022)

Android Development (2018 - 2019)
Unity Development (2018 - 2021)
Unreal Development (2020 - 2022)
Video Editing (2018 - 2022)
Pinescript Coding (2020 - 2022)
Freelance work ranging from Android Applications, Unity Projects, Unreal Projects, Video Editing in Premiere Pro/Vegas. Pinescript coding to aid with indicators/strategies.





Education

Information about my major conventional education.


Bachelors in Computer Science w/ a specialization in Graphics and Gaming
University of Petroleum and Energy Studies (2018-2022)
Finished my bachelors and spent the last year interning.


Higher Secondary Education
Sigma School of Science (2016-2018)
Studied Maths, Physics and Chemistry. [semi-relevant; passed out with a 'Best Student' certificate from the principal]




Tech Stack

Information about the tech stack I am profecient with.

Game Engines/XR Development

Unity Engine
Unreal Engine
Godot*
Well-versed with Unity and Unreal. *Lacking solid knowledge of Godot.


Languages

C++/C
C#
Python
Pinescript
Well-versed with all of them.


Non-Coding Stack

Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe Photoshop
Linux [various distros]
Have spent a lot of time doing personal projects with the aforementioned.




Non-Professional Information

Brief description of my various interests. [outside the tech space]

Cinema

Letterboxd Link
I love cinema from all over the world and not restricted to any genre. I love to go into detail about every shot/frame and try to interpret different metaphors, meanings [which can also be a little annoying to my friends]. I refrain from calling myself a "cinephile" because of the sheer unfiltered stream of pretentiousness that is associated with it. Some of my favorite directors are: Lars von Trier, Alfred Hitchcock, Adam McKay, Martin Scorsese, Stanley Kubrick and Bergman.


Music

Topster Link (2021)
I love Music from all over the world [similar to cinema] and dabble in a lot of experimental music too. Some of my favorite artists are: Death Grips, The Microphones, Have A Nice Life, Kendrick Lamar.


Books

Reading books is greatly fun but alas I have slowed my pace of reading books. My favorite authors are: Franz Kafka and Oscar Wilde.


Games

I have been a huge gamer ever since I remember. I dislike most generic formulaic games but the few I love, I love greatly. My favorite game developers are FromSoftware and Nintendo. My favorite game directors/designers are Hidetaka Miyazaki and Miyamoto. My favorite games are: Hollow Knight, Celeste, Dark Souls, Super Mario Galaxy, Bloodborne, Outer Wilds, Portal and many more! See some of the games I have made on here: Games Designed.